Question 3: List and describe the five primitive data types in JavaScript.
Solution:
Data types are used to define the way data stored in memory.
The data types is the classification of the data according to the type of value that 
we want to operate on

JavaScript is a dynamically typed language which means the variables data type is
identified during execution.

JavaScript has two types of data types.
1. Primitive data types: primitive data type gets stored at the location where the
 variable is stored. this means that when we assign a primitive value to a variable,
  the value itself copied into the variables memory location.

2. Non-primitive types: The data type that are derived from the primitive data types it
is known as non-primitive data types. it is also known as derived data types or reference
data types. Unlike primitive data types non-primitive data types are not stored directly
in memory location where the variable is stored. Instead the variable holds a reference 
to the actual value, which is in the heap memory of the ram.

1. Primitive Data types:
When we declare a variable and assign a primitive value to it the value itself gets 
stored directly in the memory location where the variable is stored. This means 
the variable holds the actual value not the reference to the value.

Following are the primitive types in JavaScript.
1. String:
A combination of the alphabetical characters wrapped in a single or double quotes. 
String can include any number, letter or symbol. 
or it can be defined as collection of characters or an array 

2. Number:
Any number in JavaScript is of number type. Including floats and decimals.

3. BigInt:
In JavaScript, there is a maximum safe value, which is 2^53-1, and also there is minimu
safe valu - 2^53-1

4. Boolean:
A boolean is a true or false.

5. Null:
Null means nothing of empty. it is used to indicate a variable or a property has no
value.

6. Undefined
undefined is a special value that indicates a variable or property that has been declared 
but not has been assigned.

7. symbol
In JavaScript, the symbol is primitive data type introduced in ECMAScrip6. A symbol is unique and immutable value
that may be used as an identifier for object properties. Each time we create a symbol. it's guarantied to be 
unique. This makes it useful for creating property keys that won't collide with other property names. 

B. Non-Primitive types:
Reference are non-primitive value and when assigned to a variable the variable is given a reference to that value.
 The reference points to the object's location in memory.

 There are two type of non-primitive:
 1. Arrays
 2. Objects

